all right we kept the bomb off
muttonbird gonna blend in there we need
to get rid of slice the button filled
halfway down to get the guts out rip
dude let's get a membrane here slide
your finger down this side of the
ribcage and puts the membrane under thee
together under the backbone small
quarter wrist there you just pinch it
and pull it straight back okay and now
to the stuffing we stuck this cavity up
nice and tight I use a favorite family
recipe or else you could also use a
store-bought stuffing mix stuff a little
nice and tight here and see the roof got
walls set up then we use toothpicks I
usually use three toothpicks of the
years two or three to spec's depending
on the size of the cavity place them
evenly through the flaps of the gut wall
and
back there okay no use just ordinary
cotton and wind it round and round
the first toothpick and way backwards
and towards your finger activation first
between poke and then same again and the
second toothpick and then you can go
right down to the last tooth paid for
your education three or four times and
you can finish off with a couple of half
hitches and little stop it from pulling
three down cut off string okay ready to
put the standards in line
roasting dish you must use a wreck
underneath those my fruits juices down
the oven and cook there at 200 for
approximately 40 minutes after that you
can pull them out
spits off the top lid and put them back
in the oven for a further 20 minutes at
200 degrees Celsius just to brown them
off
taking that smell beautiful
so we'll take them up here out of the
roasting dish place it on your cutting
board you can pull the leg if the lead
comes away easily
you'll know that it's for school
take the toothpicks out in the cotton
good sharp knife it's split third in
half that's really chest it through the
wishbone right through the bone all
right I hope you enjoyed that segment of
Pierre's kitchen look forward to showing
us more recipes on how to cook mutton
birds different styles different ways